When you're looking at different fields and what the priorities may be
for people in those fields who might suceed, let me buy for keep my
analysis into civilian on the one hand and military on the other. world
I skin trade in which I work a major priorities bring your natural
vision segment about the fuel to the problem can also bring an incredibly
strong background theoretical and and applied mathematics
a very good background in computer machinery that is you should be reading
all the computer technical magazines regularly to see all the
machinery is changing and they've been a wide knowledge of operating
systems and programming codes because you didn't need to be able to
understand immediately what's going to mesh well to create global
in the field cryptology the priorities should be a wider understanding
of people and history and I think that cryptologist no matter what
field of cryptology there and neither why read full luminous tomes
on history and sociology and people so that you have some understanding
about who the people on the other side are that you're trying to
analyze and then they have to know your specially field we must have
to know the language and the T Branche have to know signals are being
emmitted by various groups and then the communications need to
know how to intercept people.